our best marketing is like viral
marketing it's word of mouth it's people
just talking to each other yeah so it
doesn't mean it doesn't mean that like
the markting pr want aren't important
but you want that basis where you've got
customers and partners you know so we
often felt like when we go to market we
actually by the time anybody from Cayo
talks to you or you ever see an ad from
us or anything you should have talked to
your peers you talked to some of the
platforms that we work with and if
they're all saying clavo by the time you
talk to us you're like yeah I'm like
already predisposed please welcome to
the stage Jason Lin founder and CEO at
saster and Andrew bilei co-founder and
CEO at clavio welcome Andrew blei from
clavio thank you for coming yeah thanks
for having me so I want to there's a lot
I want to do I guess we have a few
minutes so that's good but uh let me go
back a little bit in time to frame it
for the audience so I think clavio is
the most awesome SAS company you don't
know enough about I know it's hard but
and I'm going to walk through it
everything's pretty epic about CVO
nothing's perfect and I know you're
going to be direct about challenges let
me step back maybe the thing that's most
inspirational to me is in 2018 I
invested in a company that Android Do's
called gorgeous they're at 10K and Mr
10K and Mr they're a good partner and I
got I knew that this sort of the
e-commerce e B2B ecosystem I invested in
alol in 2014 and they went into so I I
knew it but gez Louise after I invested
in gorgeous I everything I heard was
clavia he people love I've never heard
more customer love than clayo and I want
to dig the number one thing I want to
dig into is why I know Andrew will be
honest and analytical about it because
clavio I'm G to oversimplify Andrew you
can you can explain it your own words
but clavio is email SMS and more
marketing for e-commerce that that's
that's maybe to of a to a bread and
butter look and tell us more but people
love it like grab you on the street by
your neck kind of love when like I don't
know that marketing is the newest
category is it it's been around a bit
Yeah so I want to dig into it but I want
to before we get there let me ask you a
meta
question I and I know this is going to
feel like an analyst call I apologize
right because I but but the slides are
good right 900 million-ish of ARR okay
growing 35% 112% nrr from smbs and 14%
free Casal margin is there a
downturn not not for us uh
yeah so I mean well first for folks that
don't know so what does CIO do so we we
offer marketing and importantly customer
data software for b2c businesses you
know when we started I was always
fascinated by this idea of if you think
about how businesses interact with uh
their customers you know in a B2B World
which which what I've grown up before
you know you're used to this model of
you automate a lot of stuff product Le
but fundamentally you still you have you
have um sales folks you have customer
service folks so so there's always this
like there's this person that can be the
intermediary between the customer and
the business in consumer that just
doesn't work you know if you go buy a
pair of Nikes nobody's calling you to
find out like how you like them so
everything has to get automated and when
you talk to those businesses what we
realized was my gosh like they're they
really want software to deliver like an
awesome experience and the reality is
you have all this consumer data all this
first- party data but a lot of people
just weren't do anything with it but
they there's no software that did that
you know when clavio started the status
quo was okay well I'll use this
spreadsheet I'll try to segment out my
customers I'll upload that into you know
my newsletter tool and maybe if you know
if I have time like I I'll try to send
out some like segmented campaigns and so
the reason that we got all this love in
the early days was everybody said look I
I have all this information I just want
to put it to work I want it to be
connected to you know the other software
I use and we actually asked them like
what software matters they all said
Market
and so he said okay well that's what
we're going to do then we're going to
build the one kind of platform that
allows you to store all that data put it
to work in marketing and then for the
first time people you know all of a
sudden they're like well I have this
idea I don't know I have all these
customers that have bought you know
jeans from me but they've never bought
any of my shirts and we're like yeah
that's fine that's like a 5-second thing
and they were like oh my God it used to
take me weeks and so all of a sudden
that was easy and then we layered in
other stuff that I thought was kind of
almost like gamified a little bit but if
you remember back in the day in
marketing software and I still get this
question now folks come up and say oh so
I know you do something around email can
you tell me what a good open rate is i'
like open rates who cares about open
rates I mean don't you care about
dollars and customers and so we just
built in things because we had access to
all the data to say actually we can just
tell you what of your marketing is
working or not and what was crazy to us
is for a lot of these b2c businesses
they were used to this with their
advertising you know if you if you run
ad campaigns on you know Google or meta
or even Amazon you they're like yeah of
course I know what the ROI is but a
crazy thing was when they were doing you
know first party marketing they had no
idea so I think a lot of that you know
initial customer love was just here were
some basic pain points and we're like
all right we're just going to totally
solve these and then that's what'll
build a you know ground swell so to and
to oversimplify the 10x feature in the
early days was being able to almost to
almost to be able to automate
segmentation yeah we had this we this
belief that like you we knew that people
were they're doing it in a database or
spreadsheet or all this kind of stuff
and we literally built out we had
clay.com
recipes which was just a bunch of ideas
on segments you could run and we're like
if you have this idea like if you think
one of these is good you can sign up
connect your data and we'll do it in
like two minutes and that was just a
major leg gen you know and all sorts F
just loved that and you're right that
was like the first killer feature I mean
if I'm going back in time and I want to
talk about present in the future if I'm
going back in the early days probably
mail chimp's the biggest competitor back
then right and cool app but segmentation
is rudimentary at best right you you
maybe you have to you could create like
groups or manually do some sort of pick
list and maybe do a little Geo but to be
able to connect that to your data and it
was probably impos maybe impossible
today but probably then was literally
not even on the road map right right so
yeah one one of my favorite things to do
as you know as a person every time like
studying a product category is just go
use whatever people are using and and
try to do you know whatever like the
kind of more bleeding edge things and
just see how hard they are yeah it was
always fascinating like it was like oh
my gosh it's like right it's barely
possible and we said okay well if we
just make that one thing a lot better
then I bet people will love us with that
D yeah and I mean SMB is just they don't
have anyone to do this no there was I
mean the thing too the other thing we
learned too about consumer businesses
you know interesting like you we we talk
a lot about like low code no code as
kind of productivity but for a lot of
consumer businesses what we found is you
know if if you're especially um you know
let's say if you're starting a you're
going to set up a new product a new
retail product a lot of those folks I
mean they typically come from a product
background hey I'm good at um either
kind of like sourcing products or
manufacturing products or maybe I'm good
at you know marketing I have some I'm
good at building a brand but nowhere in
there is there a developer so there was
always this sense that you know what
does it mean to do this without any
developers I actually remember like when
we when we first built C we built all
these apis to connect data in and you
know like every good app we're like yeah
we buil bu apis I mean now just go get
your developer and like you know Connect
into our system and we actually very
quickly realized there was this great
not just like product play but actually
like almost go to market play of oh my
gosh if we go build the connector so at
the time we had this idea of we'll kind
of be the you know the zap here like
we'll kind of bundle some of that
functionality in where we'll have the
connectors and uh we'll do that for all
these major platforms it'll save our
customers so much time and so it became
a big competitive advantage and then
actually we were a even to Pivot that
into hey we can actually go work with
those platforms you know and show them
what they're doing I bet they'll be
interested I bet they'll help us drive
more demand so there was this awesome
thing that happened in the early days
where it gave us better product Market
fit in terms of like helping populate
our database of all sorts of stuff as
well as give us some obvious Partners to
go work with so and I I kind of had this
on the next slide but you start off as a
database build a bunch of apis trying to
be sort of agnostic to where and then
when did the Shopify hit like when did
that just blow everything else out of
the water yeah so like when you go back
in time when C started we actually I
mean we launched on Hacker News like
everybody did back in you know early
2010s and uh and we initially were
trying to sell to other startups we're
like oh yeah hey you've got people
signing up and you want them to convert
like we'll help you with that um you
know I had a friend that had a a Shopify
business uh he was selling quilts on the
internet I was like okay but so it was
built a pretty sizable business doing
this I said hey so I think this might be
applicable like you youve got a lot of
repeat customers you know you've got all
these different patterns we can help you
affinities all this kind of stuff and
he's like oh yeah totally I've been
looking for something like this and so
we said okay well we'll help you you
know basically again he was not very
technical um and so we said okay well
huh that's interesting what do you use
to run your business he said oh I use
this thing called Shopify it's kind of
new I said okay that's great like well
how are their apis and thankfully they
had like you know what we had spent so
much time looking at applications and we
found all you know so many piece of
software like Now API are kind of like a
given but back then it was not like you
know it was all very um but they were
very uh very developer forward and I
remember we you know we you know we
helped build a little connector with
them and and I realized like my gosh
like there's actually a lot of these
Shopify business hey maybe there's a
thing here and you know after we found
the first 5 10 you know kind of other
shopy brands we went back to the shopy
team and said hey I think we might have
something here and I give them a lot of
Kudos they you know they're I think a
lot of companies when they do you know
developer Partnerships a lot of them are
kind of like well what's in it for us
and it's a little bit of an afterthought
but that wasn't the case at all for
Shopify yeah they were like no no we
really want people to build around us
and when they had seen what they build
they said oh that's awesome how can we
help promote and we actually found out
with a bunch of other you know software
platforms and that was was actually a
big part of how you know you think about
how you get the initial flywheel going
of like getting folks to you know Drive
awareness and that was a big part for us
is we would go to these platforms you
know the Shopify the stripes of the
world and say hey we built this thing we
think it's actually great for your
customers will you help us do some
co-marketing and obviously that took off
yeah I remember back in the day a major
platform we spent like two months being
a launch partner on their platform they
said they'd help us market then I asked
later what what happened they're like oh
you didn't see the Tweet right that's
what I got was one tweet from a junior
product manager that was how much push
we got after uh what seemed like a huge
amount of engineering effort at the time
totally I actually think there's I think
it's it's a competitive Advantage if
you're building a product
if you can get other folks to build
around it because I mean now this is
happening to clavo where we have folks
building in around our ecosystem and you
know one of the things we talk about a
lot as a team is our goal is not to you
know monetize those develop like de our
goal is like we want to build a bigger
and bigger ecosystem and actually what
we're finding is like folks that build
around like we have now have a lot of
customers like oh yeah I found out about
you because this other person was
talking to me what they built and they
said it works really well with you guys
so we might as well come over so there's
there's these really great like fly
wheels that you can build if you know if
you invest in that you know for your
company and I should know this but today
you're not monetizing your partner
ecosystem at all there's no there's no
toll to integrate it all yeah no no no
we're definitely we are in expand mode
there of um like I give you an example I
was talking to I was talking to somebody
earlier this week who um who's built a
you know if if you want to advertise on
streaming networks there's now apis and
everything to do that and so they built
a product on top of clayo that's like
hey you've got all this data we can help
you guys can provide the targeting and
we'll provide the distribution and like
wow that's amazing that's awesome so now
now we just look as a big competive
Advantage where if somebody says hey I'm
thinking about you know my customers my
marketing obviously we do a couple of
the channels but if you want a solution
for TV advertising it's like we don't
have anything for that but now we do
right that's the you know the power of
an ecosystem is there since Shopify was
such a boost and I want to come back to
that early story yeah are are you using
that experience to to lean in even more
with your partner team how are you
thinking about that at your stage like
how are you incenting your ecosystem oh
yeah so yeah I me we think about it a
couple different you know different ways
I mean there's there's folks that are
you know if you think about clavio we
like to think we're the you the brain
for Consumer business so we've got all
this data like if imagine you could
measure uh imagine you could remember
everything about all of your family your
friends every last little detail right
what they Ed for dinner when you went
out last week right did they like it or
not I mean imagine you had all that
granularity for everybody in your orbit
like that's really powerful so how do
you put that to work um so we think
about both there's folks building
applications on top of clavio so we
really try to incentivize that and give
people patterns on how to you know then
how to get distribution and um you know
grow into our eosm and also additionally
we found is like for other verticals you
know one thing I've always found about
like you think about businesses that are
focusing on B Toc 2third of the you know
Global the US economy is consumers
spending money with businesses so it's a
massive part of the economy and we're
helping those businesses you know as we
think about other uh use cases so like
not just retail but Services Hospitality
Etc what we're finding is there's
actually we can do the same thing we did
with Shopify there's lots of
opportunities where these other folks
are effectively they're they're sort of
there you know where you book your
reservation or where you buy something
but then they want to they want to
partner up with somebody that can help
put that data to work so that those
folks like you know it could be the
guest of a hotel like you know when you
go to a restaurant like everybody's
trying to make those experiences better
and so that we can naturally partner up
with those folks and I think actually
like the drop become a great template
for how we like to go do that with you
know other other software companies yeah
one question I asked folks it's it when
they start to get the clavio scale or
bigger is can someone build aund million
doll app on your platform yep you built
a billion dollar app in part on Shopify
there's others there's multiple folks
that have built nine figure apps on
Shopify Salesforce it's a moment right
it takes scale but is it I don't know is
it possible to build 100 million could I
be all in on clavo and get to 100
million today or in five years oh
definitely I mean we what's the cheat
code if I want to do that what's the
cheat code to get into 100 what can I
build for Andrew and team so I can get
100 million from glavo well I think it's
you know like good good Pro I mean good
project development I think actually one
of the things we're we've tried to be
maniacally focused on over the last you
know 12 years since we started just stay
really close to uh you know your
customers and the kind of the problems
that they have and like we go back to
this you know hey I want to do more
personalization that being the big
burning thing and okay we're going to
figure out how to solve that if you
think about CIO we're expanding on a
bunch of different directions we're
known you know most of our customers
today they're mostly small businesses
there's now a growing part that are
Enterprise businesses but that's that's
an area that we're growing that we you
know we're looking for help and like
there's definitely like w in terms of
the functionality we want to offer there
um you know we're also growing
internationally there's a lot we're
doing there and then we're also growing
out you know into other use cases and
other verticals and use cases both
meaning Beyond just marketing and
messaging how can you improve the
customer experience and then obviously
Beyond um you know where we have a lot
of customers in retail like what does it
look like beyond that so I you know for
our app ecosystem my gosh there's so
much white space there and something
that we talked about intern we we know
we can't build all of the functionality
our customers want you know our our road
maps our backlogs are very very very
deep and that's actually why we're so
invested in an ecosystem is like okay
well if we want to get to all those
things quickly we have to enlist like
others to help us do that and the nice
part is is we don't think of this as
Zero Sum like we think there's there are
already we have businesses that are
doing tens if not close to $100 million
that are great partners of clavio and I
think I mean I think that's right then
the mark of a real platform is can you
have multiple businesses like that that
can get to a 100 million or even a
billion yeah I think it takes a while to
figure it out right but but I think when
you have that then you can get the whole
room to build just on clavio right
instead of doing 100 applications so
there's a couple things I want to talk
about about I think we hit this the old
days finding your ICB in itch although
two things I want to touch on just
before we go past it that's a funny one
yeah I guess I'm a big fan of like
taking pictures along the way although I
wish some of them was Private yeah yeah
yeah just one thing on this because you
brought it up because
we the the help from Shopify developers
in the early days now Shopify is a very
different company today I don't know how
big it was back then right uh a 50th of
the size probably right but you you went
to them they didn't find you in the
early days and they helped boost you in
the early days like what cuz that's what
everyone wants right they want to be
able to find someone at clavo or Shopify
or wherever and it's hard right so what
tell us just a little bit about that
story the help you got and why it worked
like why did it work yeah yeah yeah so
if if you're I mean you know when you're
when you're building a product you're
thinking about like okay well how do I
get more distribution how do I go to Mar
faster you know for us I think great
Partnerships you need both both
uh both sides have to there has to be
something in it for for everybody right
so we have think like I use like rope
like if you're going to keep it tight
you need both sides pulling on it so I
also think you know when you're building
Partnerships you should expect to have
to do a lot of the leg work yourself
when you start I think sometimes it can
sound good it's like yeah we'll kind of
we'll discuss this we'll agree in
principle and then magic will happen
yeah it's like yeah that's not really
how it works so to give you a little
insight like how it works for us I
mention we found Shopify Merchants were
a great fit for what CIO was offering
awesome we spent a bunch of time you
know with our product building in making
it easy to import data export data right
so this kind of bir directional sync we
built a bunch of you know all kind of
basic stuff like kind of you know
templates so that folks could get
started really quickly and then we we I
have we have this point of view my
co-founder and I that if you could get
10 or 20 people that were just raving
fans like if you go to any company and
you say hey I've got 10 or 20 of your
customers and they absolutely love our
products and it's truly genuine like
care here's the list you go call them up
go talk to them I mean everybody's going
to stop and look at that and so we just
have this belief that if we go do that
then when by the time we went to them
rather than saying it's like hey you
should trust us and Believe in Us we say
look don't take our word for it the
proof's right here and so that's
actually the way it evolved and actually
you know um like it gave them a a lot of
credit for being very open to Developers
in the early early days getting to the
first couple dozen a lot of that was
like work that we had to do now once we
got to that critical mass we then
started to solve you know I had this I
had this thesis we had this thesis that
my bet was like at Shopify there were
folks who were calling into their
support team and asking them questions
like hey I'm curious about how to send
an abandoned card or hey I have this
idea for personalization in marketing
what what product would you recommend
yeah and that this was like a real pain
point for them and that's what everyone
wants is to be that vendor right right
totally so we just have this belief that
they had to answer that question and so
everybody's like they didn't have a good
answer I mean imagine being the person
that's you know doing customer service
you're like uh I don't know I'll get
back to you like that's a that's not a
good experience I don't want that so we
have this belief that if we could just
say hey look we've got these great um
we've got these super fans and then we
could share that information back to the
shopy team literally the folks on the
front line their sales team their
customer support team would say oh yeah
like this is great in fact but it turned
out by the time we had started working
with shop by partner team I think they
told us they're like oh yeah we already
have our customer support team
recommending you because they realized
it made their job easier yeah um so once
you get that kind of you've got that
momentum then it's a fun thing started
happening if they said okay well hey is
there some way that we can you know can
we Market you out to you know shopy head
was very early to this idea of like
we're going to have an app store and
they said hey we've got to promote we
got we got we've got to suggest some
apps well putay this is one of the ones
that seems to be working uh and that was
great I think that really helps with
like and then we would do things where
we you know we do small events together
um but any I think it all starts from
the you have to get in there and really
make sure that you know work backwards
from what that company wants to see if
they you know if you bring to them 10 or
20 customers that are just super fans of
your products of course you're going to
take that you know that call and
actually the reverse is happening to us
now when I talk to our customers one of
my favorite things to do is hey one are
the other apps you really like it's you
mention things like G that that's
actually how I came to know them it's
like oh man A lot of people are using
this and love it there must be something
good going on here yeah and that's a
great way to you know figure out where
the what the partners are that you want
yeah we think you know sometimes as
Founders they can be frustrating we're
like oh Shopify or whomever has
favorites right but you got to look at
it from the other side like they need to
make those recommendations they want to
win that deal and if they need marketing
or SMS or something they can't give you
a list of 80 vendors like that's bad
that's a bad the simplest thing is to
say use clavio like to have a 500 an
army at Shopify and it's not just that
they're favorites they're solving a
problem right and you there's only going
to be maybe two if you're lucky they'll
May mention two names right yeah and
definitely on that you know on that
point like what I found when working
with um you know other companies on
Partners actually it well the the good
companies actually don't really care
about the economics and the finances UPF
front
because they're like look if this if
there's no par Market fit if our
customers don't love this what's the
point I don't I would never want to sell
them something that customers don't love
so actually the reality is is like if
you want that kind of you know favorite
you know status the best way to do it is
to just bring the proof points and
actually I what I found is all the great
product companies are actually like yeah
those are the companies we want to do
business with um you know versus one
where it's like there's some commercial
Arrangement yeah y so some and then I
want to fast forward to the present the
future but some interesting I learned
what's the 10x feature the 10x feature
was in part this Auto segmenting the
Basse so it just worked elegantly right
big piece the two things that we thought
were the killer features for us was this
idea that hey if you you know I I
remember walking into you know our
customers you know offices when meet up
with them I'd say if you have an
experience for a customer you want to
deliver like there's you have an idea of
like I know I have a pocket of customers
that look like this and I want to build
creative and design that looks like this
I said no problem you can do that and
you can literally do that if you have
that idea on your walk to work by lunch
it's done so like that was killer
feature number one and then by lunch
it's done yes right it's if people are
just like boy that usually takes weeks
and I was like Yeah Yeah with us you're
just going to be done right you're gonna
be experimenting the second thing was
I've always felt that you know in
consumer land were better at like
gamifying things I think sometimes in
B2B land we forget that using software
should be fun uh it's not just supposed
to be a grind and so for us one of the
things was this this idea of being able
to measure how you're doing and show you
know the marketers that were using our
products in dollars I remember there's
we made this decision about you know a
year or two in we said you know what
we're not going to show any more opener
click rates like you have to you have to
go click five times to go find them all
we're going to show you is the dollars
and the number of the amount of Revenue
that say that campaign you just sent
drove and almost overnight people were
like whoa that was that that that made
$50,000 yeah well that's that's better
than the one I sent last week why is
that all of a sudden they were way more
interested and was fascinating I start
to talk to folks and they're like oh
yeah we set a goal for our team they
need to drive I think they need to drive
100,000 in CIO bucks I was like okay
well we can come better name than CIO
bucks but like that's what that's their
goal for the next month I said okay
we're really on to something when people
started to set you know kpis and goals
around things that is that measuring
that really made a big difference it was
it was so normal in advertising but it
just wasn't a thing that people were
doing you know directly ties the revenue
any car directly ties and it's not it's
hard to lie or fake it because it's en
clavio right totally yeah so and then
one other thing from the old history
that that's super interesting it's that
then that's also a p the power of going
deep in vertical rather than horizontal
because if you're horizontal you're
never going to build that are you right
it would be much more challenging I mean
the other you know the other nice thing
is the one of the benefits we got of I
mentioned this like we built the like
data connectors yes often find like you
know if you if you build a set of apis
and there's a set of you there's data
that you want integrated into your
platform I actually when we started
there was It was kind of poo pooed it
was like uh you give like an intern that
project it's like something but we
thought no this is quar of what we do a
nice thing that happened was because we
were the ones pulling the data in we
knew exactly the shape of the data so
when it came to measuring things like
conversion like yeah yeah that's easy so
sometimes if you're building a very you
know say you're building a more abstract
product um I think it's actually nice to
build a layer on top of it where you
provide some schema or some context cuz
you can actually make it a lot more
valuable to to the user and it's
actually it's not very hard worked
doesn't feel very sexy it's the kind of
thing so right so we did that in that
one vertical and we've now taken that
same Playbook and said yeah what does
hey what does the equivalent look like
say for you know restaurants right
versus retail and it's like yeah it's
all it's all very similar and that
that's going to help us you know in that
market yeah maybe even thinking about
it the fact that instead of clickthrough
rates and open rates we had dollars
probably also turn the marketer into a
hero that's probably another reason
they're super fan not only could I do it
in an afternoon hooray but now to my my
boss the owner not the probably just the
owner not even the CEO yes I can
actually I'm a hero because I brought in
another 118,000 I didn't just have a
41.6% uh we literally make him a hero
that's right we designed our whole
dashboard to be very screenshot because
we literally I know it's like okay at
the end of the week you're going to go
show this to somebody and we want that
to be a win for you yeah yeah okay one
small thing about the past and then I
know it's a long time ago we briefly T
you won't remember we briefly touched on
this when we did a a podcast during
lockdown but you you nailed Shopify you
got with the team you got it you got in
it worked you were doing something very
thoughtful focusing there but back in
the day MailChimp which obviously exited
for 12 billion pretty good pretty good
outcome right yeah but they did stumble
in that ecosystem right they there was
friction there was friction between the
organizations was that a boost was that
one one of your pieces of luck what were
the learnings when cuz they were bigger
right and did but they they they weren't
the best partner back then is that is
that accurate yeah I think so I mean
there there's you know there's kind of
some curfuffle with like in the you know
in the well they got banned from Shopify
I would call that a kerfuffle yeah if
Shopify says you're no longer allowed to
use our platform that's on on the Defcon
scale what is it four a four the war
games one it's a four right it's not a
little one it's your baned from shop
apply yeah um and like I yeah it was so
anyway our learn now is like look if you
know if sometimes things are going to
happen that are outside of your control
that you just you know sometimes they're
gonna be to the good sometimes bad like
you just have to you do your best to
take advantage of those when they I mean
for I remember in those weeks we got a
lot of folks that came to and said I
need to move like now happens next week
but today right so it was you know sort
of all hands on deck for a little bit um
and a lot of like how do we automate
that but in general like I think that
was you know I'm actually my biggest
lesson from that was just when you're
working with Partners it comes back to
this like there's got to be in something
in it for both sides and actually think
there's like the opportunity for things
to kind of get you know uh maybe like
you know uh go off the rails like when
they don't need to is there so actually
with all of our partners you often talk
about like you know CH here's where
we're headed where you headed and like I
of think you know you want things I
obvious you want to be complimentary
it's actually okay if they overlap a
little bit you just want to understand
like what folks are after in general
like there my God there's so much
surface area to get to like we're not
sort of not that precious about like
okay well you know hey if if we're going
to color over here let's just let's just
make sure what we're doing is you
working together yeah it's good um okay
this one's gonna be hard for folks to
read there's a lot going on but I'm
goingon to be your this is Jason Lin
from Raymond James or UBS or I don't
know I don't know who the names are
today but there's even though this is a
chart it's super interesting because
you're coming up on a billion in AR
you're going International you're going
a little bit more Enterprise you're
going Beyond Commerce but you didn't do
it this super early yep so why okay
let's talk about and and you're and you
actually didn't you can tell me whether
you think you're multiproduct I'm not an
expert sure but I wouldn't call you
radically multiproduct like uh data dog
or Salesforce or something like that you
don't have like five SKS that have
almost nothing in combination with each
other right even HubSpot right so talk
about timing on second act and all this
stuff and then we can talk about some of
the details but what what's H why why
and when have you done these initiatives
yeah so uh let's say a couple things
um so the first is when we started
clavio and I think there's actually two
ways you can kind of found a business um
sometimes you can find a problem and it
can be kind of Niche and you're like I'm
going to go solve this really well I'm
going to solve for this Market this use
case and that's good like it gives you a
real it gives you a toe hold a place to
expand from the thing you just always
have to check as you're going along is
like okay well how am I going to expand
like how do I make sure there's more to
this um so you can work it that way I
think that works cio's path was actually
a little more the reverse which was you
know we had very broad Ambitions when we
started we said okay well we're going to
be the plays that you store everything
you know about you know your customers
and then we want to be any any place you
want to use that data we're going to be
the we're going to facilitate that maybe
we don't build the application it's just
built on top of our platform but we're
going to build a bunch of you know apps
on top of it and all this kind of stuff
and that was that was the you know we
had this idea like okay that's what
we're want to do from day one but
obviously that's that's so large you're
like okay well where are you going to
start we decided we were going to
bootstrap our companies we like okay we
we don't have a lot of time here we got
to go find something that's got some
product Market fit so the analogy we had
in the early days of clavia was you know
as much like Amazon was like look we're
going to build this Logistics Network
this like you know retail website it's
going to be great and we're going to
start with books it's like books was
never the end goal it was just look it's
a great place to start um and so that's
that's very much the mentality we've had
at cavio is what's the much bigger
opportunity and then how do we just
sequence things along the way so for us
it was okay how do we build this brain
for a business how do we build marketing
get into that and even within marketing
we're like well let's narrow it down
even further and we ask like well what
channels matter and so that's why we
started with email and then we added an
SMS now we've added mobile so now as we
think forward you know this idea of
second acts you know my advice is always
like you need to start thinking about
second acts maybe a little bit sooner
than you're comfortable with yep um
because I think there's you know there's
some you can build some pretty big
businesses but sometimes you get at the
spot where oh my gosh I don't know what
to do next and like you kind of want
some lead time to start to build those
products think about them hard to
customers about them but for us the
obvious there actually the biggest
challenge for us is there's a bunch of
different directions to go you know so
just purely from a product perspective
and being multiproduct we started with
marketing because after we built this
you know database back in the early days
Lally went to our customers like what
are you do I you know database is only
as good you're quering it what are you
doing with the results every said using
marketing but not well most people said
that but not everybody and so we always
kept a list of what are the other use
cases and just to give you some examples
you know we have a ton of customers that
are for us either release apis or
product that could help improve things
like the on you the uh on your website
or a mobile app experience so literally
can I customize how the product feels
while I'm using it or you know I'm
browsing a website um and then hey can I
Plum this into other parts of the
customer experience so for instance I
think customer service and like all of
the different ways of how can I
personalize that and measure that so
there's all these other applications and
it's a little bit similar to maybe
Salesforce or HubSpot uh that I think
Cayo can expand into again some of those
will do directly some of those you do
through Partners so we're very excited
about that in the breath of you know
don't just think about CIO just purely
for messaging and then beyond that like
well it's this may feel kind of
straightforward we've never wanted cavio
to be just a US Centric company we had
customers all over the world pretty
quickly I was just talking with you know
one of our uh Partners in Japan our part
in ja Japanese and but they're desperate
for like hey can you just help us get a
little further here so you know one of
the other acts we're really excited
about is how do we get CIO into around
the world right I think one of the
things you start in the US like you tend
to take this little more Us North
America Centric view but the reality is
is like there are businesses all over
the world so we're working on that and
then you know finally for us you know we
started with smbs my co-founder actually
came from Enterprise software but we
started with SBS because we wanted to
bootstrap and now you know I made the
analogy to Nike like well Nik is not a
customer ours yet but they should be so
how do we work into that and we know
that that's like that's a very different
go to market motion some of the product
requirements change so anyway so we're
working across all three of those and
then we've got some even like some even
like you know crazier ideas of you know
what what does clavio for consumers look
like hey we can as a business we can
help you personaliz the experience for a
consumer what would you want from us to
write maybe help you you know get the
most out of your relationships with
businesses or discover new ones um so so
there's actually this like a whole bunch
of these things I think we've kind of
done the size and we' say man all of
these things could be billion dooll
businesses so actually the reality is is
it's a lot of us for us is like just
sequencing those and not getting too
distracted right not getting spread too
thin well you can pick a year but 2017
2016 how big did you think the Tam was
for what clavo is circuit today yeah
well when it comes to like Tam sizing
Market sizing kind of stuff we we always
at like uh try to be pretty constricted
because then if you get a big number
you're like okay that's real and if it's
not then that's okay you can always add
Tam on right yeah by expanding product
or expanding markets but we already
thought that there was like oh what we
were building just what we were building
already could be a multi-billion dollar
business why we just looked at like the
number of customers that were out there
we looked at like the size of their
business how much they typically spent
with us and we knew there was already a
big there there actually for us you know
now as you think about so there's a long
way to run with what we're doing but I
think there's also this bigger ambition
of like okay well we never we didn't
build this just to sell books so now
like how do we get into these other
categories and so that's now I think
we've got the time where we're starting
to ramp up those Investments and like
you know those are things that we've got
a few years to have them pay off but and
help me do a little bit of math this is
the non- obvious piece
so HubSpot doesn't break out their
revenue by products but it used to okay
until it sometimes it gets more
flattering to combine it but I think
they're my guess is marketing's about a
billion of the two because crm's
freaking I mean bet 90% of this room
uses HubSpot CRM and when we started
saster annual was Zero I mean it's crazy
how many folks use HubSpot here I'm not
it's it's off topic but yeah yeah but I
think the marketing automation is
probably a
billion so you're
doing uh a vertical ice piece for
e-commerce you're highly attached to one
really big platform not entirely but
80% your deal size is smaller than hubs
spots it's like five I we're going to
talk in a second about bigger deals but
your average deal is like 5K right
hubspot's 10 why are you bigger in
marketing in a niche a really large
Niche I mean it's at half the price I
mean I could build a spreadsheet but but
why is it so big like it if you didn't
really go through it you might think hey
great great Andrew but that's going to
be a$ hundred million business yep right
how could it be as big as H spot if
you're vertical at half the price oh
okay so well I think there's maybe two
things going one is I mean this where
you just have to kind of look at the
economic data the size of retail just as
a
category is just massive yes I mean it's
hard it's really hard to appreciate
unless you're in it and especially it's
hard in a digital world because you can
kind of actually something I'll do is
like when I'm driving around is just
look at what are all the stores that are
there and like what's the their purpose
like why do they exist um now a lot of
retails moved online but like there just
my gosh there are stores for everything
yeah right and then on the internet I
mean it's a little bit harder to drive
down Main Street to see that but I mean
you as I talk to the customers oh my
gosh there are ideas everywhere like you
know we remember the idea of uh hey you
know could could somebody could you find
a thousand super fans and start a
business in retail that's like super
possible you can find you know 10,000
maybe 100,000 really committed consumers
for some category maybe some Hobby and
it's like and that's a real business and
there are a lot of those yeah um so one
is I think the categories very large the
second is you know one thing that's
interesting about marketing is in a b
Toc context so I mentioned this like
there are no sales reps you know one of
the insights we had is in when you're
working as a consumer business marketing
is
sales it's actually hard to you have to
really appreciate that Insight marketing
is sales there is nobody else coming to
make the revenue number if the marketing
team doesn't show up and so if you talk
to any BTC business they'll say yeah we
own it we're we're responsible for this
and I think because our role is as a
revenue driver for those businesses it
just has a mass ly different impacts you
know that the you know the the the value
that we can show and therefore what we
can you know what we can price is
different um contrast that with B2B
where I actually think it's like you
know if you look at like the you know
the sales or the S like that like that's
really the the Cornerstone and then the
marketing side is yeah it kind of sits
in support of that and that's it's just
this huge difference between those two
um markets and one last piece on it that
and I you probably haven't disclosed
this metc and I certainly wouldn't push
you as a public company CEO but I think
in core Ecommerce Shopify and Friends
okay shop I think you have massive
market share I mean like more than a
HubSpot does right you you have if it if
you've disclosed it share with me the
number but I think in your core core ICP
it's over half it's it's over half I
mean it's insane market share right so
how did you learn from that and why did
it not typically I see when you get more
than like 10 15 20% market share you
have to slow down because it's so much
energy to push through the water to get
to beyond that but I don't think it
slowed you down to get to this
penetration did it numbers don't suggest
it slowed you down right yeah like the
way we've always thought about I if you
just if you just go you do Bottoms Up if
you go look at like all the retail you
know e-com like the BDC businesses out
there yeah we get address I mean there
are literally millions and you can know
how many customers we have we're still
just scratching the surface so what's
interesting is um you obviously like I
mean a ton of those businesses are using
Shopify but actually interestingly
there's a lot of these businesses that
were founded before Shopify um or just
maybe in markets that Shopify is just
more so there's there's there's lots of
stuff that's uh where we where we can
grow um but your point on like let just
take like with within um you know within
some of these like kind of core markets
right shop I say us I actually one one
of the things we believe about software
is if you're the market leader and
you're topping out at 20% share yeah
like you're not that's not really much
of a market leadership position and
sometimes there's Dynamics why that
happens uh but I often think it's like
if you have truly built the best product
and maybe there's some Network effects
to it you should be able to top out way
higher than that right could be 50%
could be even much larger than that and
I think that's one of the things that
actually we've talked about for years is
as we were growing your point is like I
think a lot of people say oh boy it's
going to be tough to push through this
but actually I think if you if you
really get the prodct market fit really
snug then you can just kind of get you
can kind of get to this default status
and uh you know that's you know you've
seen loads I mean this happens a lot
more in consumer lands um but I think if
you can do that in B2B where you just
become the default and very hard like
that has all sorts of wonderful um yeah
side effects the good inside okay just
two things I want to hit before we run
out of time thanks for your patience on
this one one just very tactical and then
one I want to talk about little things
like IPOs in the public markets just to
help everybody right yeah just this
small one I could have picked a million
things but in terms of timing you're
just really going B marketting up market
now right this is your slide I me it's
great
2386 50k C 64% year-over year and you're
seeing the classic thing which is even
though clavio growth is epic these ones
are even epicer epic it's 64% right um
but it wasn't overnight and they're
really big Merchants out there I mean
Shopify celebr I mean Harley and
everyone every time they have a
Kardashian or SpaceX it's the whole
extreme right why were you deliberate
here like what are the learnings of
pacing and timing yeah yeah
yeah definitely uh so so Cayo started
with you know more smbs um great and you
we kind of had this we knew you know a
little bit because of our background we
wanted to get into the Enterprise at
some point um so I I tend to think of
like well how do you get into the
Enterprise yeah one of the things we
didn't want to do is we're not just
going to hire a big sales team give them
some territory and say go start knocking
down doors and like you know uh in like
you know grow grow customers like you've
got to start with a little bit of like a
ground swell and so that was something
we want to be very deliberate about I
think when you're when you think about
the unit economics of your business
especially your cost to acquired
customers we CIA we've always felt like
the more you can do obviously with your
product to make it you know have better
fits uh you can do things with with
customers to drive awareness I'm a
massive
believer sometimes I've had folks in our
Market don't like thing is our best
marketing is like viral marketing it's
word mouth it's people just talking to
each other yeah so it doesn't mean it
doesn't mean that like the market prod
you run aren't important but you want
that basis where you've got customers
and partners you know so we often felt
like when we go to market we actually by
the time anybody from CIA talks to you
or you ever see an ad from us or
anything you should have talked to your
peers you should have talked to maybe
some Partners like maybe in our case
maybe might be a markting agency you
talk to some of the platforms that we
work with and if they're all saying
clavo by the time you talk to us you're
like yeah I'm like already predisposed
we're like well down the funnel right so
when we were moving into the Enterprise
tried to make sure all three of those
ingredients were there did we have
customers that loved us did we have you
know Partners you know in our case
digital agencies that already knew some
of those folks and were excited about us
that because they usually have a really
good sense for what products will work
yeah you know obviously we've done a lot
of work with Shopify and others on the
platform side of let's work on this
together so I think when you kind of
Stack those things up then more recently
we said like okay let's pour a little
bit of you know sales marketing gasoline
on this now now all a sudden you know
it's going to work that plus I think
going Enterprise you know we start to
expand the number of products we offer
so more products within marketing and
now some products outside of that I
think there there's this this B very big
push the Enterprise to I want all my
software to work together and we've been
able to play to that too all right
there's more I want to talk about we
could do a sequel on the podcast
sometime if you want but one thing I
know you're probably bored of talking
about this but just to help folks here
clavio IPO September 2023 yep the last
one was Hashi Corp in our universe so it
was how many months is that Gap 20
months is it closed obviously it's not
closed but a more nuanced answer is
there's you know fre social media is
annoying Twitter's annoying but how
closed is it what did you learn what's
the real bar and what's the takeaway for
Founders from the world it's because it
ain't easy right yeah well I definitely
think like you know so I go back to when
CIO started in like the early 2010s and
what the bar was then I think in some
sense we've I think that you know maybe
the AR num's gone up a little bit which
I think it's just too bad I actually
think it should be you know if you're
hundred million $200 million business
like that should be plenty like I mean
you can do more growing in the public
markets you don't need a billion in
Revenue like that's Shopify and up SWAT
IPO to 100 right I think I think that
will come back so like but I think this
idea that you know hey it's a
sustainable business that it's a
business that can grow durably that it's
you know it's got positive free cash
flow I think that's real like I think
you have to have figured that out
there's probably still some acceptance
like maybe you haven't totally figured
that out but I think you need you need
to have a path to do that so I think if
you meet those criteria I think you're
in good shape and actually you know just
a bit bit of a metap point you know I
felt like when we started was a great
time to build it was it was still maybe
a little bit of a hangover from like you
know the 0708 recession I tend to think
right now is like another awesome time
to be building it's just there's just
fewer people that want to do it it's a
little it's comparatively a little bit
harder um which means that like it's
actually less competitive so you know
there's actually you can get more time
with customers all kind stuff so um I I
think there's a lot of companies that
can and probably will go public in the
near term but for us you know we kind of
looked at is like look we knew we're
going to go public at some point I used
to joke with our investors I'm like look
like by 2030 we'll have gone public do I
will I remember which year it is
probably not right yeah so you know when
we looked at it like there's just a
bunch of work that you have to do and we
kind of decided it's like okay we're
here we're ready like you know like all
things like we have a lot of urgency
let's just go get it done and then let's
move on and then you know folks ask like
what's it like being a public company
honestly like if it's it's not really
it's not really any different than being
private like I actually I I think we as
a team actually kind of like the rigor
of every few months you have to show how
you're doing yeah I think there's a lot
to be said for setting goals right being
able to show up and beat them and then
you know if if you're a Founder you're
naturally going to dream long term and
then I think really good companies can
balance between those two thinking long
term as well as executing the short run
there was a discussion in South Europe
and London this year welcome to come
anytime Europe if you want to a bunch of
folks that were at 100 to 200 million
that were in more impacted categories
you said there's no down there they're
saying 20% is the new 50% like like it's
hard out there so 20 if I we can just
grow 20% in
our what do you if you had to gut check
at having done it at 200 million what do
you have to grow at IPO forget about
efficiency I know it's is important is
30 enough is 25 can you do it at in the
20s does it have to be I mean HubSpot
and and Shopify IP at 100 but they're
going north of 50 like you did what do
you think the line is just having done
the road show if you had to Ballpark it
what do you think the line is to have a
decent IPO it's a good question I mean
it's definitely like you can't be
colored too much by what we've seen the
last like two three years so I
definitely think it has has come back
and I think it's all it is it's all
relative like I think everybody's
looking so I think you can kind of look
at the public market comps I think
there's generally an expectation that
like look if you're a smaller Revenue
base that you should be growing faster
others but I also think equally
important is the durability of that
growth you actually I think when you
when you talk to lot a lot of folks in
the probably true the prim Mar too I
mean everybody wants you know what's
what's the easiest path and so I think
even if you're if you're 25 30% grower
like but I have a very durable model I
think that can last for four or five
years in the future yeah I think people
really pay attention to that compounding
and so that fact that people know that
there's there's like there's some uh
there's some heft to it that's probably
equally important so I I think that
could be enough but you you've got to
have a point of view on like how are you
going to sustain that in the long R The
Fragile Revenue isn't going to cut it is
is yeah all right Andrew I have more but
this was great thanks for going so long
thanks everybody for being with us this
was great thank you